ci: consolidate e2e test file structure (#411)
aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-worker-agent: test/e2e/README.md

# Cross OS E2E Tests

Tests designed to work with both Linux and Windows workers should use the `operating_system` paramater to differentiate differences between operating systems.

Export the `OPERATING_SYSTEM` environment variable to either "linux" or "windows", depending on the OS of the worker that you would like to test.

# OS Specific Tests
Use the `mark.skipif` paramater to differentiate between operating systems for os specific tests.
```
@pytest.mark.skipif(
        os.environ["OPERATING_SYSTEM"] == "windows",
        reason="Linux specific test",
    )

@pytest.mark.skipif(
        os.environ["OPERATING_SYSTEM"] == "linux",
        reason="Linux specific test",
    )

> ```

Reviewer: nit: just to help clarify this  more, what if we change this to:

---

For a Windows-specific test:

```py
@pytest.mark.skipif(
    os.environ["OPERATING_SYSTEM"] == "windows",
    reason="Linux specific test",
)
def test_windows_behaviour() -> None:
    ...
```

For a Linux-specific tests:

```py
@pytest.mark.skipif(
    os.environ["OPERATING_SYSTEM"] == "linux",
    reason="Linux specific test",
)
def test_linux_behaviour() -> None:
    ...
```

Author: Updated

# Test Scoping

> **Session** - Tests that do not need to perform host or worker configuration, or will not impact the outcome of another test within session scope. Use the `session_worker` fixture in `conftesy.py` to specify this scope.

Reviewer: It might be good to explain the benefit of using shared session-scoped workers across tests (e.g. wall-clock time associated with starting an instance and setting up the worker)

Author: Added.

> **Class** - Tests that do host or worker configuration and require a seperate worker, or a group of tests that impact the outcome of session scoped tests but can be run together. Use the `class_worker` fixture in `conftesy.py`to specify this scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Class** - Tests defined as methods of a class that require modification(s) to the host or worker configuration. These modifications would impact tests using the session scoped worker fixture so instead we use a separate worker. Use the `class_worker` fixture (defined in `conftesy.py`) to specify this scope.
```

Author: Updated

> **Function** - Tests that do host or worker configration and require a seperate worker, these cannot be run with other tests on the same worker.

Reviewer: Should we mention the worker fixture names to use for these scopes?

Author: Sure. Updated.

> **Function** - Tests that do host or worker configration and require a seperate worker, these cannot be run with other tests on the same worker.Use the `function_worker` fixture in `conftesy.py` to specify this scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Function** - Tests that modify the host or worker configuration in a way that cannot be grouped with other tests. The worker and its associated EC2 instance are not shared with other tests. Use the `function_worker` fixture (defined in `conftesy.py`) to specify this scope.
```

Author: Updated
